[DOCS] Adds the 7.13.1 release notes (#100885)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

--

[[release-notes-7.13.1]]
== {kib} 7.13.1

coming::[7.13.1]

The 7.13.1 release includes the following bug fixes.

[float]
[[fixes-v7.13.1]]
=== Bug Fixes
Design::
* Adds appropriate table caption for table listing generated reports {kibana-pull}100118[#100118]
Fleet::

> * Adds back install button for integrations that aren't installed yet {kibana-pull}100370[#100370]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds missing install button for integrations that aren't installed yet {kibana-pull}100370[#100370]
```

It's too easy to misread "back" as directional.

Lens & Visualizations::
* Fixes an issue where upgrading from 7.12.1 to 7.13.0 breaks *TSVB* vizualizations with no timefield defined {kibana-pull}100864[#100864]
Machine Learning::

> * Fixes field used in RDP ML job to event.type {kibana-pull}100000[#100000]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes field used in remote desktop protocol (RDP) anomaly detection job to event.type {kibana-pull}100000[#100000]
```
